Sync kim-configuration.md with current CLI flags (#1456)
kyma-project/kyma-infrastructure-manager: docs/operator/kim-configuration.md

# Kyma Infrastructure Manager Configuration

> | Parameter                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Since you provide quite a few defaults in the descriptions, why don't you add a third column for them? For those without a default value, simply enter "None".

|--------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **-api-server-acl-enabled**                                        | Feature flag to enable the shoot API server ACL extender which restricts access to the API server to a defined set of CIDRs (default `false`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-api-server-acl-enabled**                                        | Enables the Shoot API server ACL extender, which restricts access to the API server to a defined set of CIDRs (default `false`) |
```

> | **-audit-log-mandatory**                                           | Feature flag to enable strict mode for audit log configuration. When this feature is enabled, a Shoot cluster will only be created when an audit-log tenant exists (this is defined in the audit-log mapping configuration file) (default `true`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-audit-log-mandatory**                                           | Enables strict mode for audit log configuration. When this feature is enabled, a Shoot cluster is only created when an audit-log tenant exists (this is defined in the audit-log mapping configuration file) (default `true`) |
```

> | **-converter-config-filepath string**                              | File path to the gardener shoot converter configuration. (default "/converter-config/converter_config.json")                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-converter-config-filepath string**                              | File path to the Gardener Shoot converter configuration. (default "/converter-config/converter_config.json")                                                                            |
```

Reviewer: If you capitalize Gardener Cluster Controller, shouldn't you also capitalize Gardener Shoot Converter? I'm not saying you should - just making sure whatever you choose is justified.

> | **-gardener-cluster-ctrl-workers-cnt int**                         | Number of workers running in parallel for Gardener Cluster Controller. The number of parallel workers has an impact on the amount of requests send to the Gardener cluster (default `25`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-gardener-cluster-ctrl-workers-cnt int**                         | Number of workers running in parallel for Gardener Cluster Controller. The number of parallel workers has an impact on the number of requests sent to the Gardener cluster (default `25`) |
```

| **-gardener-ctrl-reconcilation-timeout duration**                  | Timeout duration for reconciling a kubeconfig for Gardener Cluster Controller. The reconciliation of a kubeconfig is cancelled when this timeout is reached (default `1m0s`)            |

> | **-gardener-kubeconfig-path string**                               | Path to the kubeconfig file used by KIM to access the Gardener cluster (default "/gardener/kubeconfig/kubeconfig")                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-gardener-kubeconfig-path string**                               | Path to the kubeconfig file that KIM uses to access the Gardener cluster (default "/gardener/kubeconfig/kubeconfig")                                                                      |
```

> | **-gardener-project-name string**                                  | Name of the Gardener project which is used for storing Shoot definitions (default "gardener-project")                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-gardener-project-name string**                                  | Name of the Gardener project that is used for storing Shoot definitions (default "gardener-project")                                                                                   |
```

> | **-gardener-ratelimiter-burst int**                                | Gardener client rate limiter burst for Runtime Controller. The burst value allows for more requests than the qps limit for short periods (see https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/customize-controller-manager-rate-limit) (default `5`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-gardener-ratelimiter-burst int**                                | Gardener client rate limiter burst for Runtime Controller. The burst value allows for more requests than the QPS limit for short periods (see https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/customize-controller-manager-rate-limit) (default `5`) |
```

> | **-gardener-ratelimiter-qps int**                                  | Gardener client rate limiter QPS (queries per seconds) for Runtime Controller. The queries per second has direct impact on the load produced for the Gardener cluster (see https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/customize-controller-manager-rate-limit) (default `5`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-gardener-ratelimiter-qps int**                                  | Gardener client rate limiter QPS (queries per second) for Runtime Controller. QPS has a direct impact on the load produced for the Gardener cluster (see https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/customize-controller-manager-rate-limit) (default `5`) |
```

| **-gardener-request-timeout duration**                             | Timeout duration for Gardener client for Runtime Controller. Requests to the Gardener cluster are cancelled when this timeout is reached (default `3s`)                                 |

> | **-health-probe-bind-address string**                              | The address the probe endpoint binds to. Kubernetes is using the probe endpoint to determine the health state of the application process (default `":8081"`)                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-health-probe-bind-address string**                              | The address the probe endpoint binds to. Kubernetes uses the probe endpoint to determine the health state of the application process (default `":8081"`)                            |
```

| **-kubeconfig string**                                             | Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.                                                                                                                                 |

> | **-kubeconfig-expiration-time duration**                           | Expiration time is the maximum age of a Shoot kubeconfig until it is considered as invalid (default `24h0m0s`)                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-kubeconfig-expiration-time duration**                           | Expiration time is the maximum age of a Shoot kubeconfig until it is considered invalid (default `24h0m0s`)                                                                          |
```

> | **-leader-elect**                                                  | Enable leader election for controller manager. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager.                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-leader-elect**                                                  | Enable leader election for the controller manager to ensure there is only one active controller manager.                                                                   |
```

| **-metrics-bind-address string**                                   | The address the metric endpoint binds to. Monitoring and alerting tools can use this endpoint to collect application specific metrics during runtime (default `":8080"`)                |

> | **-minimal-rotation-time float**                                   | The ratio determines what is the minimal time that needs to pass to rotate the kubeconfig of Shoot clusters. For example if `kubeconfig-expiration-time` is set to `24h` and `minimal-rotation-time` is set to `0.5`, then the next reconciliation after 12 hours will trigger the rotation (default `0.6`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-minimal-rotation-time float**                                   | The ratio determines the minimal time that must pass to rotate the kubeconfig of Shoot clusters. For example, if **kubeconfig-expiration-time** is set to `24h` and **minimal-rotation-time** is set to `0.5`, then the next reconciliation after 12 hours triggers the rotation (default `0.6`) |
```

> | **-registry-cache-config-controller-enabled**                      | Feature flag to enable registry cache config controller (default `false`)                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-registry-cache-config-controller-enabled**                      | Enables Registry Cache config controller (default `false`)                                                                                                               |
```

| **-runtime-bootstrapper-enabled**                                  | Feature flag to enable Runtime Bootstrapper (default `false`)                                                                                                                           |

> | **-runtime-bootstrapper-kcp-cluster-trust-bundle string**          | Name of the cluster trust bundle to be copied to SKR                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-kcp-cluster-trust-bundle string**          | Name of the cluster trust bundle to be copied to Kyma runtime                                                                                                                                   |
```

| **-runtime-bootstrapper-kcp-config-name string**                   | Name of the Runtime Bootstrapper ConfigMap to be copied to SKR (default "rt-bootstrapper-config")                                                                                      |
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-kcp-pull-secret-name string**              | Name of the pull secret to be copied to SKR                                                                                                                                             |
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-manifests-config-map-name string**         | ConfigMap with Runtime Bootstrapper manifests (default "runtime-bootstrapper-manifests")                                                                                                |

> | **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-cluster-trust-bundle string**          | Name of the cluster trust bundle on SKR                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-cluster-trust-bundle string**          | Name of the cluster trust bundle on Kyma runtime                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-config-name string**                   | Name of the Runtime Bootstrapper ConfigMap on SKR (default "rt-bootstrapper-config")                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-config-name string**                   | Name of the Runtime Bootstrapper ConfigMap on Kyma runtime (default "rt-bootstrapper-config")                                                                                                   |
```

| **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-deployment-name string**               | Name of the deployment to be observed to verify if installation succeeded (default "rt-bootstrapper-controller-manager")                                                                |

> | **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-namespace string**                     | Name of the Runtime Bootstrapper namespace on SKR (default "kyma-system")                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-namespace string**                     | Name of the Runtime Bootstrapper namespace on Kyma runtime (default "kyma-system")                                                                                                              |
```

> | **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-pull-secret-name string**              | Name of the pull secret on SKR (default "registry-credentials")                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-bootstrapper-skr-pull-secret-name string**              | Name of the pull Secret on Kyma runtime (default "registry-credentials")                                                                                                                        |
```

> | **-runtime-ctrl-workers-cnt int**                                  | Number of workers running in parallel for Runtime Controller. The number of parallel workers has an impact on the amount of requests send to the Gardener cluster (default `25`)       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **-runtime-ctrl-workers-cnt int**                                  | Number of workers running in parallel for Runtime Controller. The number of parallel workers has an impact on the number of requests sent to the Gardener cluster (default `25`)       |
```
